Update date in tutorials (#4068)
cyberbotics/webots: docs/guide/tutorial-3-appearance.md

A texture on a rolling object can help to appreciate its movement.

> **Hands-on #4**: add a locally available texture to the ball.

> 1. Download the texture available [here](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cyberbotics/webots/R2022a/projects/default/worlds/textures/red_brick_wall.jpg) and save it to your disk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Download the texture available [here](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cyberbotics/webots/{{ webots.version.full }}/projects/default/worlds/textures/red_brick_wall.jpg) and save it to your disk.
```
Maybe it is better to use variables here

Reviewer 2: It seems that there are other places where this variable could be used.

> 1. Download the texture available [here](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cyberbotics/webots/{{ webots.version.full }}/projects/default/worlds/textures/red_brick_wall.jpg) and save it to your disk.

Reviewer: I have just checked again and it might be even better to add a new variable (and use it here), e.g. `url.github_raw` as an alternative to `url.github_tree`
https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots/blob/5389e9d01de62f65ef7ed30f4759c375882663fb/docs/js/showdown-extensions.js#L45

That way, if somebody changes the file in a custom branch it will still work.
